Based on what uses identify as core values and core boundaries - which can be assessed through the baseline quiz which is great - the app should track how compatible all relationships entered are to the user’s baseline values. CIT and any other relationship entry method exist to compare the relationships to the established relational needs. What’s nice about the CIT is it gives thorough insight into how exactly these needs may go unmet by assessing self esteem, physical symptoms and much more. I LOVE this feature. I want everything presently in CIT to stay, but I want the data to also be meaningful. It needs to influence the data we show users about the health of their connections and how well their needs are met and boundaries are being respected.
 At its core that’s all we want to do.
Identify what the users emotional and relational needs and values are.

And track how all relationships contribute or detract from this.

Tracking how interactions make the user feel is just a tool to do this. But this app should be a deep analysis of how experiences impact the user’s emotional wellness to help them determine what relationships benefit them and what don’t.

If anything, don’t detract anything from the CIT quiz maybe add something that helps it to evaluate how well an interaction validates the user’s baseline value entries. Whether that’s mapping the questions already there to baseline values - I can help with this if you give me the list of questions from each section. Or you can add more questions that help you make that connection. I think you have to start there though because that’s what’s going to determine the overall health of a relationship more than anything. If a user is constantly having negative interactions it’s likely the relationship isn’t meeting their baseline values. But you likely just need more insight into which questions reflect each value.  Without this feature this app is nothing. Nothing else matters to me beyond the tracking. That’s why I said we can cut all fluff if they’re distracting or taking away valuable time from the core function. This is what matters.